PDS REST documentation + minor changes #914 (#4234)
mercedes-benz/sechub: sechub-doc/src/docs/asciidoc/documents/shared/concepts/concept_pds_handle_metadata.adoc

// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
[[concept-pds_solution_metadata]]
====== General
When communication of {pds} with the used product is stateful and is a long running operation, 
it can be useful to store state information as meta data.  

> One use case is the restart possibility for a {sechub} job. Another one are debugging or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One use case is the restart possibility for a {sechub} job. Other ones are debugging or 
```
